e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\obj\Debug\Sheepshead.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\Sheepshead.Tests.dll.config
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\Sheepshead.Tests.dll
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\Sheepshead.Tests.pdb
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\Sheepshead.dll
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\Sheepshead.pdb
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\obj\Debug\Sheepshead.Tests.dll
e:\users\bjkrug\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\obj\Debug\Sheepshead.Tests.pdb
E:\Users\bjkrug\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
E:\Users\bjkrug\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
E:\Users\bjkrug\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
E:\Users\bjkrug\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
E:\Users\bjkrug\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
E:\Users\bjkrug\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
E:\Users\bjkrug\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Users\bjkrug\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sheepshead\Sheepshead.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
